document failure handling (#35)
greenbone/eulabeia: docs/error-handling.md

Error Handling
==============

> In general `eulabeia` sends a [info.Failure](/messages/info/info.go):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general `eulabeia` sends an [info.Failure](/messages/info/info.go):
```

```
{
  "id": "f704d1e0-768d-4a86-ab6a-dd28e3f45776",
  "created": 443397956,
  "message_type": "failure.modify.target",
  "message_id": "363cde52-e07f-11eb-99c4-6b7f958f017",
  "group_id": "12",
  "error": "Insufficient space",
}
```

when an error occured while retrieving / already executing a cmd.

> error happening without wrongful usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error happening without wrongful usage
```

--------------------------------------

This error occurs even when the usage is correct.

> For this case most of the modules are written to return the error so that the cmd can handle the case explicitely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this case most of the modules return the error, so that the cmd can handle the case explicitly.
```

> For an instance if a director cannot store a target because there is insufficient space on the device it should:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g.: If a director cannot store a target, because there is insufficient space on the device it should:
```

> 1.	send a [info.Failure](/messages/info/info.go) response so that the client knows that storing failed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.	send an [info.Failure](/messages/info/info.go) response so that the client knows that storing failed
```

2.	log the error message
3.	exit director with an error code so that it is escalated to the infrastructure (e.g. restart systemd, container)

> response on wrongful usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Response on wrongful usage
```

--------------------------

This error occurs when a cmd event is containing either:

> -	wrong values on cmd.Modify
> -	wrong ID on cmd.Start, cmd.Get, cmd.stop, ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	wrong values on `cmd.Modify`
-	wrong ID on `cmd.Start`, `cmd.Get`, `cmd.Stop`, ...
```

> in this case `eulabeia` will not return an error to the module user but rather

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case `eulabeia` will not return an error to the module user but rather
```

> 1.	send a [info.Failure](/messages/info/info.go) response to that the client can resend a coorect cmd

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.	send a [info.Failure](/messages/info/info.go) response to that the client can resend a correct cmd
```

> 1.	send a [info.Failure](/messages/info/info.go) response to that the client can resend a correct cmd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.	send an [info.Failure](/messages/info/info.go) response to that the client can resend a correct cmd
```

> `eulabeia` does not handle unknown messages as error but is returning a [info.Failure](/messages/info/info.go) when the topic is correct and the message contains the eulabeia meta-data; otherwise this message will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`eulabeia` does not handle unknown messages as errors, but is returning a [info.Failure](/messages/info/info.go) when the topic is correct and the message contains correct eulabeia meta-data. Otherwise a unknown message will be ignored.
```

> This allows to run different version of `eulabeia` in parallel without having to concern about new cmds and it allows deployment methods like blue/green on a wide arrange sensors wihtout having to deal with restart spam but still having the chance to monitor weird behaviour when e.g. a sensor wasn't updated but should be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows to run different version of `eulabeia` in parallel without having to concern about new cmds and it allows deployment methods like blue/green on a large network of sensors, without having to deal with restart spam but still having the chance to monitor weird behaviour, e.g. when a sensor wasn't updated but should be.
```
